Update link to NetTrace format (#46069)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/diagnostics/eventpipe.md

The events are then serialized in the `.nettrace` file format and can be written directly to a file or streamed through a [diagnostic port](./diagnostic-port.md) for out-of-process consumption.

> To learn more about the EventTrace format, refer to the [EventTrace format documentation](https://github.com/microsoft/perfview/blob/main/src/TraceEvent/EventPipe/NetTraceFormat.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about the NetTrace format, see the [NetTrace format documentation](https://github.com/microsoft/perfview/blob/main/src/TraceEvent/EventPipe/NetTraceFormat.md).
```

Reviewer 2: oh you are absolutely right, I looked too quickly :) `NetTrace` is the proper term.
